Friends, in today's video we are going to talk
about ICICI Lord's Health Advantage Apex Plus plan. It is a
very beautiful plan.
I am going to tell you everything in detail in this video,
all the terms and conditions, all the rules,
regulations, features, pros and cons. In
a way, I am going to give you a complete review in
this video. If you
want to take health insurance in this, then you should
watch this video, all your queries will be resolved
here. See, the
plan is coming from ICICI Lord. As
you all know, ICICI Lombard is
Asia's number one private sector
insurer. Its special
feature is that the cashless approval
process here is within 60 minutes. They
guarantee this. They promise that the
cashless approval process is done within 60 minutes.
Along with this, you will also get the benefit of a new
feature from IRD, Cashless Everywhere. The
advantage of this is that the health insurance
company  There are no listed hospitals. So,
if you
want to get treatment there, then under this Cashless Everywhere feature,
you can get cashless treatment even in a non-listed hospital.
So this is also a
very good thing. Previously, you had to go
through reimbursement, but now with this feature, this is
easily available. Now, let's
look at the benefits here. What
benefits will you get here?
First, you get the facility of health checkup
in this plan. This
means that you can get your health checkup done once a year.
Secondly,
you also get the benefit of reset benefit here. Reset benefit
means that after your base summarization gets exhausted,
your summarization is
refilled again. After this, you
get the facility of domestic air ambulance.
You will get age-based pricing here.
Tax benefits will definitely be available here.
Now, here we focus on the
main things of this plan which you
need to understand. First,
look at this plan.  The
minimum term limit is 5 lakhs and the maximum term
limit is 3 crores. You can avail cover here between 5 lakhs and 3 crores as per
your requirement.
Under in-patient treatment,
you get cover up to the sum of the sum, that is,
if there is any hospitalization,
you will be given full cover up to the sum of the sum.
In-patient treatment for surrogate
mothers, in the case of surrogate mothers, it is
said here that available up to Rs.
5 lakhs, maximum up to Rs. 5 lakhs. So keep this in mind here, the minimum limit is the maximum, you will
get only up to Rs. 5 lakhs. Hospital accommodation,
so here you have to
see what kind of room you will get. If
you take a term limit up to 20 lakhs, then
you will get a single
private room here. But if
you take cover above 20 lakhs, then there will be
no capping on your room. Apart from this, there is
no limit here in modern treatment, like in some plans there is a
limit of Rs. 1 lakh or more. There is nothing like this in this.  All the
robotic surgeries etc. that
you can get done here till the end of the year.
After this, inpatient AYUSH
hospitalization is also covered till the end.
Domise hospitalization will also be
covered till the end. There will be home care treatment.
In this, they are saying that
we will cover Rs. 5 lakh for the duration of the hospitalization but they will
provide a maximum cover of Rs. 1 lakh. This is
needed sometimes.
It was needed a lot during the time of Covid. At present,
it is needed in rare cases. So if you
think that this is a factor for us, then
you should look into it. After this, in pre and
post hospitalization, here they will
provide 60 days of pre and 60 days of post.
Whatever expenses you incur up to 180 days will be
covered by the company.
After this, day care procedures are all
covered till the end. Donor expenses are also
covered till your end. Now when it comes to
domestic road ambulance,
in case of road ambulance, only Rs. 1 lakh on sum will be covered.
This will be covered for a maximum of Rs. 10 lakh.
After this, there is the domestic air
ambulance facility, it
is covered for your entire life, after this there is animal bite vaccination
or if any animal bites you,
you will get cover of up to Rs. 10,000 in its vaccination, here it is
said in the reset benefit,
Limited Times Any Illness, that is, the
unlimited restoration benefit that you get in this,
you will get unlimited times
and it is said once for some sum of Rs. 5 lakh
and Rs. 7.5 lakh, if you take a policy of Rs. 5 lakh
or Rs. 75 lakh, then
you will get the restoration benefit only once in a year,
but if you have a policy above Rs. 75 lakh, then you will get
unlimited times
and you will get it in all types of illnesses,
after this it is said guaranteed claim bonus of Rs.
20, but this is your time sum,
yours will increase, maximum it will go to 100%
and the biggest thing is that if any claim comes, then it will
not reduce yours, like some
plans come such that what happens is that they
increase the claim bonus, but what  It
happens that later if any claim comes then you would have
reduced it but it will not decrease, every year
your sum of Rs. 20 will increase, it will increase up to a maximum of 100%,
meaning if you have a policy of Rs. 10 lakh
then after 5 years it will become Rs. 20 lakh,
okay, health checkup, see health
checkup is necessary, it is said here that
you will get annual health checkup, you can get it done once a year
and your time limit will be Rs. 0.5 lakh, maximum up to Rs.
10,000, here you will
get money for health checkup or it means that
health checkup will be done,
you can take tele-cation up to Rs. 10,000 here for unlimited time, in
bariatric surgery
which is called obesity surgery,
you can use it for up to Rs. 50,000,
after this the benefit benefit is written here, you will
get a lump sum up to Rs. 20,000 for
continuous hospitalization for 10 days
and more if there was a continuous hospitalization of 10 days, then
here you will get  Which
is up to ₹00, you will get the payable over and above the
sum added base sum added. Now this is
your payable. After this, there is also a worldwide cover in this plan.
Many people want to
get a worldwide cover, so this is also available here. The
sum assured is ₹25 lakh and now it will
only be available in this plan. If the policy is below ₹25 lakh, then
this worldwide
cover will not be available in it. Now let's talk about
its advance, that is, about the optional riders. There are
many
riders here which are visible to you on the screen in front.
First of all, look here. Those who
want to take it for maternity purpose can
also take this plan.
You will also get the benefit of maternity here.
Apart from this, a rider for critical illness is also
given here. A rider for sum insured
protector is also given here. There is also a
rider for personal accident. There is also a rider for
compassionate visit. There is also a
rider for nursing at home. Now,
how much will you get here?
You can also talk
about maternity benefit here.
In mat case, this rider will be available only to those whose
age is between 18 to 45 years. Whatever your
term is, you will get 100%
maternity cover here. Suppose your
policy is of 10 lakhs, then you will get 1 lakh
maternity cover. Suppose your
policy is of 20 lakhs, even then you will get only 1 lakh
because it has been capped up
to a maximum of 1 lakh. You will
get a rider in maternity here, which means you will get the benefit. Let's
talk about new born baby cover.
If you have a policy of 10 lakhs and have got 1 lakh
cover for the mother, then here you will get double this
for the baby, which means you will get 2 lakhs,
that is, you will
get double the maternity benefit. Cover for new born baby is fine for
any new born baby.
After this, the cost of vaccination for the
new born baby will be covered for 1 lakh for the first year,
whatever is your sum assured,
but maximum  The
company will give you this cover only up to Rs 10,000. Critical
illness cover is also available here under this rider. Okay,
so critical illness has been said to be
subject to a maximum of Rs 50 lakh.
You will get cover up to Rs 50 lakh here.
You will get a sum payout in case of critical illness.
After this, if
you want, you can also take this personal accident rider. There is
also a sum insured protector and there is
also a claim protector here. I would recommend all of you to
definitely take the claim protector
because under the claim protector, the
entire expense of the non-payable items gets covered here.
Okay, and here it is said that it is
inbuilt for sum sum of Rs 15 lakh and now if you
take a policy of Rs 15 lakh, then you will get an inbuilt cover. If you
take a policy of less than Rs 15 lakh, then
you will have to add on separately here.
After this,
see here, B Fit rider is also available. There is
also a payment method.  It is available, although it
is optional. You should not take co-payment
because in co-payment, when you
are hospitalized, you will have to pay money again, so do
not make co-payment. However, if someone's
premium is very high, it is going to Rs 1 lakh or Rs 2
lakh, I think it will
not be for someone, then in that case, if you want, you
can make co-payment of Rs 10 or Rs 20. Otherwise,
you do
not have to take it at all. After this, we will see here, so let's
talk about the waiting period.
In PD, there is a waiting period of two years. For
specific conditions
like stone or
hernia, there is a waiting
period of two years. For biotic treatment, it is two
years. The initial waiting period is 30 days
and for critical illness, the initial
waiting period is 90 days. The survival
period for critical illness is zero days. There is a
waiting period of two years for worldwide cover. Diabetes, hypertension  There is a
90-day
waiting period for cardiac conditions. There is a 30-day waiting period for B-Fit. There will be a
two-year waiting period for maternity. Let's
talk about discounts. There are some discounts
offered here as well. Pneumonic Vaccination Discount. Here
you will get a discount of 1% per annum based on
your credit score. If your credit score is
good, then you can
get a discount of up to 15%. If you
take a multi-year policy, for 2 years or 3
years, then it is said here that
you will get a discount of 10% in the second year
and a discount of 15%
in the third year. If you take a multi-year
policy, then you will get an
extra discount. Now,
zones are given here, which city falls in which zone.
From this list, you
can check your city. The best thing here is
that you can live in any zone. If
you move from one zone to another,
you will not need to make any payment;
that will be your cover.
Now, here I am showing you a quote.
From this quote, you  You can get an idea about
how much your premium will be here, so
here I have taken out the quotation of a family floater
policy, there are
four members in this family, husband, wife, a boy and
a daughter, so here I have assumed the age of the husband to be
30 years, the age of the wife is also 30
years, I have assumed the age of the child, the baby boy, to be
5 years and the age of the daughter, I have assumed to be
2 years, I have
taken out a policy of 10 lakhs, the
total base premium here will be
19536 and after adding GST etc. it comes to
2353 here, now if you
look here you will not see it, but here
I have taken this rider,
claim protector, that is, the rider for non-payable items, I have
taken it, yes,
assuming no PD, the entire premium has been
calculated for example,
I hope you liked this video,
yes, before buying health insurance, do consult
your health advisor or do your
personal analysis if you buy it
through us  If you want to take health insurance, then
health insurance plans of all companies are available here.
You can contact us as per your requirement. If you have
any query,
you can contact us.